MVC stands for Model, View and Controller.

    -> This architecture came in existence when write our code in single file and it gets populated and polluted at the same time.

    -> Therefore it became very difficult to handle the code and continue the development.

    -> Thus, when MVC architecture came in existence, it bought modularity in the code structure, by bring components like Model, View and Controller.


Model:- It is section where we create the schema for the database.

        Before schema creation, we connect file, with the database.

        Then after, the schema is created, we create a model which is connected with the schema and we name it.

        It manages the database.
        
View:- This is the place where we create UserInterface or Front-End Logic for our web app.

        View manages user-interactivity and helps to achieve better user-experience.

        We can achieve this by using EJS or React.

Controller:- Here the logic of the application is maitained.

             It is responsible for all the functioning happening in the application. 

             It iteracts with the model for the data.


Route:- There is one more section which is responsible for maintaining the code structure of the application.

        In this section we set the route / path or url for the applications. 

        These routes are connected with the function, that created in Controller.

        Suppose a client sends a request, then the url of the request should match with one of the route mentioned in this section. 

        If it matches, the Controller-function connected with it will be called and response will be generated. 

        But if it doesn't matches then you will get an error of *GET Not Found*. 


MVC Flow:-

-> In terms of request:- 
      
      Client -> View -> Server -> Router -> Controller -> Model.


-> In terms of response:- 
      
      Model -> Controller -> View -> Client.  


Note:- If the request is malacious or harmful or there is too much load on the server, then the middleware plays an crucial role inside it.